Test Script.
============

* Click "File » New » Mail Account…".
* Should open New Account Provisioner window.

* Click "free email account alternatives" at the top.
* Should open
  http://momo.last-chance.net/en-US/thunderbird/features/email_providers.html
  in your browser.
  (Currently also opens a compose window.  That's a bug.)

* Enter First Name of "Blake".
* Enter Last Name of "Winton".
* Click "Search".

* Should display "Sorry, we cannot find any suggestions for your name. Please
  try one of the free email account alternatives." in red.

* Click "free email account alternatives" in red.

* Should open
  http://momo.last-chance.net/en-US/thunderbird/features/email_providers.html
  in your browser.
* (Currently also opens a compose window.  That's a bug.)

* Click "Use Existing Account".

* Should display the old account wizard, but in white.

* Click "Back to previous".

* Should display the new Account Provisioner again, with "Blake" and "Winton"
  still filled in.

* Change First Name to "Dan".
* Hit <Enter> (Should be the same as clicking "Search").

* Should display a price, and a list of six email addresses:
    * I would like the following email address for $20/year
    * dan@winton.com
    * dan@winton.org
    * d@winton.com
    * dan@winton.co.uk
    * dan@winton.ca
    * dan@winton.edu

* Click the arrow beside "dan@winton.co.uk".

* Should display the Provisioning form with "dan@winton.co.uk" at the top.

* Fill out the fields as you scroll to the bottom.
* Click "I accept. Create my account."

* Should display three errors in red on the page.
  "Invalid first name. Try "Andrew" instead."
  "Incorrect CVV."
  and
  "Quote is invalid or expired; please retry suggest."

* Click "I accept. Create my account." again.

* Should remove the three errors, and then display them again.

* Click "Oops, take me back".

* Should display the previous page.

* Click "dan@winton.com".

* Should display the Provisioning form again, with your previous data, but no
  errors, and with "dan@winton.com" at the top.

* Change First Name to "Blake".
* Click "I accept. Create my account."

* Should close the window, and you should now have a "dan@winton.com" account
  with an outgoing server of "Provisioned Account - smtp.winton.com".
